#summary Outline and links for all SybilLite documentation

= Introduction =

SybilLite is a lightweight web-based comparative genomics viewer.  It uses GFF3 as input from tools such as [http://sourceforge.net/projects/dagchainer/ DAGchainer], which identifies chains of gene pairs sharing conserved order between genomic regions, by identifying paths through a directed acyclic graph (DAG). 


= Installation =

The [InstallationGuide Installation Guide] provides both a quick setup and detailed tutorial, depending on your preference.  The detailed setup lists the required software as well as example commands and configuration file changes needed to get everything running.


= Input data =

SybilLite uses a SQLite database to hold all the comparative data for the display, but comes with scripts to generate this from GFF3.  The [InputDataGuide Input Data Guide] has more details about this process, including details about what exactly is expected in the GFF3 and how to convert it to a SQLite file.


= Using the interface =

SybilLite comes with an example comparative dataset from a small collection of [http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Schistosoma Schistosoma genomes].  The [InterfaceWalkthrough Interface Walkthrough] guides new users through the features of the interface using this example dataset.


= Getting help =

There are a few different resources available to you if you need help with SybilLite.  If you have a question, you can write the [http://groups.google.com/group/sybillite-users User Support Group].  For bugs or feature requests, please create a ticket in the [http://code.google.com/p/sybillite/issues/list Issue tracking system].